Added doc for copy() problem & workaround (#3115)
hluk/CopyQ: docs/known-issues.rst

    for details on how to add the command).

    `Issue #27 <https://github.com/hluk/CopyQ/issues/27>`__

Scripting command "copy()" fails
--------------------------------

The command ``copy()`` sends the Ctrl+C shortcut to the current window.
This can fail depending on the active application.
If CopyQ won't detect a clipboard change, it throws an exception.
The execution then fails with the message ``Failed to copy to clipboard!``.

> An alternative under Windows is to use a Powershell script as a command:

Reviewer: Thanks for the Powershell script!

How do you use this?

It could be more useful to override `copy()` (using a "Script" command type) so it can be used by all command out-of-the-box:

```ini
[Command]
Command="
    copy = function() {
        execute('powershell', '-Command', `
            Add-Type -AssemblyName System.Windows.Forms;
            [System.Windows.Forms.SendKeys]::SendWait(\"^c\");
            Start-Sleep -Milliseconds 150;
        `);
    }"
Icon=
IsScript=true
Name=Override copy()
```

Author: I use it to copy a Jira ticket number from anywhere (i.e. text editor) and open it directly in the browser via one shortcut (Ctrl+J).

Interesting. I wasn't aware that this was possible with CopyQ and therefore wrote a PowerShell script that does it all in one go. Your solution is probably better suited for the documentation as it solves any usage of the `copy()` command.

  .. code-block:: powershell

    powershell:
      Add-Type -AssemblyName System.Windows.Forms;
      [System.Windows.Forms.SendKeys]::SendWait("^c");
      Start-Sleep -Milliseconds 150;

The delay is added to make sure the text is copied to the clipboard.

> Beware that necessary **permissions** for Powershell independent of CopyQ need to have been setup.

Reviewer: Can you provide more details? Some external link or simple description how to set up the permissions.

    for details on how to add the command).

    `Issue #27 <https://github.com/hluk/CopyQ/issues/27>`__

Scripting command "copy()" fails
--------------------------------

The command ``copy()`` sends the Ctrl+C shortcut to the current window.
This can fail depending on the active application.
If CopyQ won't detect a clipboard change, it throws an exception.
The execution then fails with the message ``Failed to copy to clipboard!``.

> An alternative under Windows is to use a Powershell script as a command:
>   .. code-block:: powershell
> 
>     powershell:
>       Add-Type -AssemblyName System.Windows.Forms;
>       Start-Sleep -Milliseconds 300;
>       [System.Windows.Forms.SendKeys]::SendWait("^c");
>       Start-Sleep -Milliseconds 300;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An alternative under Windows is to use a Powershell script to override copy operation
(see :ref:`faq-share-commands`):

  .. code-block:: powershell

    [Command]
    Command="
        copy = function() {
            execute('powershell', '-Command', `
                Add-Type -AssemblyName System.Windows.Forms;
                [System.Windows.Forms.SendKeys]::SendWait(\"^c\");
                Start-Sleep -Milliseconds 150;
            `);
        }"
    Icon=
    IsScript=true
    Name=Override copy()
```
